Multiple scopes in Arguments and Bind Scope (#16472)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/user-extensions/syntax-extensions.rst

   then :g:`a` of type :g:`t` in :g:`f t a` is not recognized as an argument to
   be interpreted in scope ``scope``.

   This command supports the :attr:`local`, :attr:`global`,
   :attr:`add_top` and :attr:`add_bottom` attributes.

  .. attr:: add_top
     :undocumented:

  .. attr:: add_bottom

     These :ref:`attributes <attribute>` allow adding additional

>      bindings on top or bottom of the stack of already declared

Author: Good catch!

     bindings. In absence of such attributes, any new binding clears
     the previous ones. This makes it possible to bind multiple scopes
     to the same :token:`class`.

>    .. example:: Binding scopes to a type

Reviewer: Great example, very clear!

         Notation "#" := true (only parsing) : T_scope.
         Notation "#" := false (only parsing) : F_scope.

         Parameter f : bool -> bool.

      By default, the argument of ``f`` is interpreted in the
      currently opened scopes.

      .. coqtop:: all

         Open Scope T_scope.
         Check f #.
         Open Scope F_scope.
         Check f #.

      This can be changed by binding scopes to the type ``bool``.

      .. coqtop:: all

         Bind Scope T_scope with bool.
         Check f #.

      When multiple scopes are attached to a type, notations are
      interpreted in the first scope containing it, from the top of
      the stack.

      .. coqtop:: all

         #[add_top] Bind Scope F_scope with bool.
         Check f #.

         Notation "##" := (negb false) (only parsing) : T_scope.
         Check f ##.

      Bindings for a given functions can be observed with the
      :cmd:`About` command.

      .. coqtop:: all

         About f.

      .. note:: Such stacks of scopes can be handy to share notations
         between multiple types. For instance, the scope ``T_scope``
         above could contain many generic notations used for both the

>          ``bool`` and ``nat`` types, while the scope ``F_scope`` would
>          override some of these notations specifically for
>          ``bool`` and another ``F'_scope`` would override them
>          specifically for ``nat``, which would then be bounded to
>          ``_%F'_scope%T_scope``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         ``bool`` and ``nat`` types, while the scope ``F_scope`` could
         override some of these notations specifically for
         ``bool`` and another ``F'_scope`` could override them
         specifically for ``nat``, which would then be bound to
         ``_%F'_scope%T_scope``.
```

Is the first _ in `_%F'_scope%T_scope` correct?

   then :g:`a` of type :g:`t` in :g:`f t a` is not recognized as an argument to
   be interpreted in scope ``scope``.

  .. attr:: add_inside
     :undocumented:

  .. attr:: add_outside

     These :ref:`attributes <attribute>` allow to add the new binding

>      inside or outside the already declared bindings. In absence of

Reviewer: You need a sentence or two and perhaps an example to make "inside" and "outside" clear.  What does it mean to have multiple bindings and how would they be used?  Is it a set of bindings, a list of bindings, or something else?  It's not a stack, is it?  "inside" doesn't fit either of those.  Perhaps there's a different word that's clearer.

Optional: BTW, the existing example is wordy, the function seems too complex (distracting) and not very clear.  The key parts should be highlighted with in-line comments `(* ... *)`.  There should be an explanation of the effect on the Check output and maybe it should show what happens without the `Bind Scope`.  It would also be great to briefly explain the benefit/why users will want to use this command.  Are you willing to improve this?
